For this assignment, you and your partner(s) need to finalize the plan you have for your project by writing the task level of user stories that provide the specific details that will be required for development.  Task level user stories should be for each piece of information required for the design and/or click that the user (your persona) needs to make to complete the process that you have designed, which should be the journey your persona takes to accomplish the goal(s) that you have set forth in your project.  

 

Watch this video about the assignment: https://youtu.be/2DKNfT--_o4 .

 

READ THE ENTIRE ASSIGNMENT! I am giving you an example of the previous one and you will need to pick a component library and design the UI/UX as well as learn the component library.  This part oof the project is where the division of labor starts to split after you and your partner agree on the project.

 

To Submit this you need to have all of this information in the GitHub Repo and linked to from the Readme.  Don't have one long readme! Break it down into specific pages for each thing, so it's easy to view.   Eventually you will have to turn it into a PowerPoint for the final presentation but you should use this as a chance to practice Git collaboration with plain text before you need to do it with code.
 

Example of The Assignment So Far, So you are on the Right Track...
Business Description / Result of SWOT / Competitive Landscape

My business is an Italian restaurant specializing in meatballs.  The brand archetype(s) is outlaw/joker and the methods of persuasion that I will use are reciprocity, social proof, and scarcity.  My persona is "Joey" and Joey is tired of the traditional Italian restaurant and is looking for something a little entertaining and spicy, so the concept for my business is an Italian restaurant with a 1920s gangster theme that specializes in meatballs that is called "Fat Tony's Hideout".

Persona: Joey likes gangster movies such as the Godfather, Casino, and Goodfellas.  He is tired of the typical Italian restaurant and would be attracted  to a place that offers a nostalgic atmosphere that reminds him of his favorite movies and offers high quality food at a reasonable price.

Sales Funnel:
Awareness:  Organic Search (the search results that you don't pay for) and Social Media (Social Proof) 

Interest:  A hero text and image that is funny and conveys the the theme of "Fat Tony's Hideout".  (Conveys Brand Archetype)

Action: A signup for a limited time promotion coupon with a QR code scanned at the restaurant  for buy one get one free spicy sausage meatballs and spaghetti.

Loyalty:  An email promotion is sent after scanning the QR code at the restaurant that offers a free order of bullet bread sticks for anyone that redeems the coupon within 30 days of issuance.  

Note:  I don't expect you to have any type of functionality beyond an email that will be handled by Mail Chimp.  In my case here, I would just expect Joey to signup on the site and to get an email with a dummy QR code and maybe have another example of an email that would be for the referral.  

Top Level User Stories
Initiative:  Joey is looking for a new Italian restaurant that's fun to go to and doesn't seem too expensive or serious.  

Epic (Awareness) :  Joey searches online for "Italian Restaurant"

Epic (Interest):  Joey arrives at the homepage and is convinced that he wants to go to the "Fat Tony's Hideout" by the mafia movie nostalgic imagery (likability), and sees that there is an offer for the meatball of the month "spicy sausage" and that there is a buy one get one promotion (reciprocity)

Epic (Action): Joey sees that he has to click on the link to signup for the coupon for the spicy meatball special

Epic (Loyalty):   Joey opens his email after going to the restaurant and sees that if he brings a friend they will get a free order of "bullet breadsticks". and the buy one get one offer for the meatball of the month, if he shares the special offer on social media.

 

For this new part of the assignment, you need to do the following:
1.  Write the task level user stories and acceptance that provide the specific action or information needed for each epic.  

For example:
Awareness Epic: 

User Story 1

Joey sees the title of the website in the search results 

Action: Click On title "Fat Tony's Hideout - Delicious Italian Food" 

Result: View website homepage

User Story 2

Joey sees the description of the Fat Tony's spicy meatballs promotion  in the search results page.

Action: The search result description says "Come get a belly full of bullet breadsticks and steal a deal with buy one get one spicy meatballs and spaghetti"

Result: Not Applicable Informational Text

Once you and your partner agree to the user stories, you need to do the following:

1.  Pick a component react component library that best matches what you're trying to accomplish with your design and comes with a Figma template.   Research what's available NextUI https://nextui.org/. and MUI https://mui.com/ . are top libraries but you may find another that you like
 

2.  Decide which person is going to take on the role of developer and which person is going to take on the role of the designer/UX researcher and QA Engineer.  The developer will be responsible for implementing the site, mailchimp/hubspot, GDPR/Google Analytics and the UX Researcher / Designer will be responsible for creating the design, conducting at least two think out loud sessions with someone other than your partner, and writing the Playwright tests to check that their design is implemented.  
The developer should start learning the component library NOW, once that is done then try mail chimp, and finally attempt the GDPR/Google Analytics.  They should be ready to just implement the UI/UX of the designer and have all of the code done within 2-3 weeks.  It really will take the developer a while to learn all of this, so start NOW NOW NOW NOW!
 The designer needs to create two UI/UX designs that show the entire process and that includes how the website should appear when listed in search results or social media links i.e. what you see when you post to Instagram,  Discord, etc... .  You need two designs (they can really just be different images and text) because you will not get good feedback during the "Think out loud" if you just ask someone what they think of one design, you will get much better feedback if you show someone two designs and ask them what they like / don't like between the two.   The UX designer is going to be responsible for conducting the think out loud, writing the results of the think out loud, and updating the design.  This is what will be required in the next project assignment / milestone .  FOR THIS MILESTONE YOU JUST NEED THE 2 Designs created with the component library assets from the Figma and you should have some good images / fonts / branding for the hero text.